[docs] expand documentation on 'group' for ranking task (#3772)
microsoft/LightGBM: docs/Parameters.rst

~~~~~~~~~~

For learning to rank, it needs query information for training data.

> LightGBM's CLI uses an additional file to store query data, like the following:

Reviewer: Not necessary `CLI`. Wrappers (at least Python one) also can use this feature when `data` param is filename.
```suggestion
LightGBM's uses an additional file to store query data, like the following:
```
https://github.com/microsoft/LightGBM/blob/706f2af7badc26f6ec68729469ec6ec79a66d802/python-package/lightgbm/basic.py#L1125-L1132

https://github.com/microsoft/LightGBM/blob/706f2af7badc26f6ec68729469ec6ec79a66d802/src/c_api.cpp#L913

https://github.com/microsoft/LightGBM/blob/706f2af7badc26f6ec68729469ec6ec79a66d802/src/io/dataset_loader.cpp#L204

https://github.com/microsoft/LightGBM/blob/f30dbe8717177da2b1745ac3b2a5d5fd7475de55/src/io/metadata.cpp#L26

https://github.com/microsoft/LightGBM/blob/f30dbe8717177da2b1745ac3b2a5d5fd7475de55/src/io/metadata.cpp#L435-L443

Author: ohhhh I misunderstood

Author: ```suggestion
LightGBM uses an additional file to store query data, like the following:
```

    67
    ...

> For wrapper libraries like in Python and R, this information is provided as an array-like via the Dataset parameter ``group``.

Reviewer: See comment above.
```suggestion
For wrapper libraries like in Python and R, this information can also be provided as an array-like via the Dataset parameter ``group``.
```
